This document was manually transcribed to markdown by Plato on 2013-05-15.  
The source document is a photocopy of a warrant, sourced from:  
http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Mt-Gox-Dwolla-Warrant-514-13.pdf  
The current version of this transcription may be found at:  
https://github.com/therealplato/dhs-mtgox-warrant  
Pull requests for typo corrections are welcome.

---

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## DISTRICT OF MARYLAND

**SEIZURE WARRANT**  
CASE NUMBER: 13-1162 SKG

In the Matter of the Seizure of  
*(Address or brief description of property to be seized)*

**The contents of one Dwolla account.**

TO: Michael T. McFarland, Special Agent, United States Homeland Security
Investigations (HSI), and any Authorized Officer of the United States:

An Affidavit having been made before my by Michael T. McFarland, Special Agent,
United STates Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), who has reason to believe
that in Des Moines, Iowa, and elsewhere there is now certain property which is
subject to seizure and forfeiture to the United States, namely *(describe the
property to be seized)*

**the contents of Dwolla Account 812-649-1010 registered in the name of Mutum
Sigillum LLC, held in the custody of Veridian Credit Union.**

I am satisfied that the affidavit establishes probable cause to believe that the
property so described is subject to seizure and forfeiture and that grounds
exist for the issuance of this seizure warrant.

YOU ARE HEREBY AUTHORIZED to seize with fourteen (14) days, the property
specified, serving this warrant and making the seizure in the daytime - 6:00 AM
to 10:00 PM - leaving a copy of this warrant and receipt for the property as
required by law. Service of this seizure warrant may be made by facsimile,
provided that a hard copy is thereafter served by regular mail, overnight mail,
or personal delivery.

Issued May 14, 2013, at Baltimore, Maryland, by  
<signature>  
Honorable Susan K. Gauvey  
United States Magistrate Judge

**APPLICATION AND AFFIDAVIT FOR SEIZURE WARRANT**  
CASE NUMBER: 13-1162 SKG

In the Matter of the Seizure of  
*(Address or brief description of property to be seized)*

**The contents of one Dwolla account.**

Michael T. McFarland, Special Agent, United States Homeland Security
Investigations (HSI), being duly sworn deposes and says:

I have reason to believe that there is now certain property in Des Moines, Iowa,
and elsewhere, which is the subject of forfeiture to the United States, namely
*(describe the property to be seized)*

**the contents of Dwolla Account 812-649-1010 registered in the name of Mutum
Sigillum LLC, held in the custody of Veridian Credit Union,**

which are *(state one or more bases for seizure under the U.S. Code)*

subject to forfeiture pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 981(a)(1)(A) because the
contents of the Mutum Sigillum LLC account were involved in transactions and
attempted transactions in violation of 18 U.S.C. section 1960.

The facts to support a finding of Probable Cause for issuance of a Seizure
Warrant are set forth in the attached Affidavit.

<signature>  
Michael T. McFarland  
Special Agent  
Homeland Security Investigations  
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement

Sworn to before me, and subscribed in my presence on May 14, 2013 at Baltimore,
Maryland.

<signature>  
Honorable Susan K. Gauvey  
United States Magistrate Judge

---

## Affidavit in Support of Seizure Warrant

### I. Purpose of the Affidavit

This Affidavit is submitted in support of an application for a seizure warrant
for the contents of **Dwolla Account 812-649-1010 registered in the name of
Mutum  Sigillum LLC, held in the custody of Veridian Credit Union.** I submit
that ther eis probable cause to believe that the contents of Dwolla account
812-649-1010 in the name of Mutum Sigillum LLC were involved in transactions and
attempted transactions in violation of 18 U.S.C. section 1960, and that the
contents of that account are subject to seizure and forfeiture pursuant to 18
U.S.C. section 981(a)(1)(A).

### II. Affiant

Michael McFarland, is a Special Agent with Homeland Security Investigation
(HSI). While working for the HSI your affiant has prepared and executed state
and federal search and seizure warrants, seized evidence of both state and
federal violations, interviewed suspects, witnesses, and informants, and
evaluated evidence obtained during the course of these investigations.

### III. Applicable Statutes

#### 18 U.S.C. section 1960

    (a) Whoever knowingly conducts, controls manages, supervises, directs, or
    owns all or part of an unlicensed money treansmitting business, shall be
    fined in accorance with this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or
    both.
    (b) As used in this section --
      (1) the term "unlicensed money transmitting business" means a money
      transmitting business which affects interstate or foreign commerce in any
      manner or degree and --
        (A) is operated without an appropriate money transmitting license in a
        State where such operation is punishable as a misdemeanor or a felony
        under State law, whether or not the defendant knew that the operation
        was requrired to be licensed or that the operation was so punishable;
        (B) fails to comply with the money transmitting business registration
        requirements under section 5330 of title 31, United States Code, or
        regulations prescribed under such section; or
        (C) otherwise involves the transportation or transmission of funds that
        are known to the defendant to have been derived from a criminal offense
        or are intended to be used to promote or support unlawful activity;
      (2) the term "money transmitting" includes transferring funds on behalf of
      the public by any and all means including but not limited to transfers
      within this country or to locations abroad by wire, check, draft,
      facsimile or courier; and
      (3) the term "State" means any State of the United States, the District of
      Columbia, the Northern MAriana Islands, and any commonwealth therritory,
      or possession of the United States.

#### 18 U.S.C. section 981
    (a)(1) The following property is subject to forfeiture to the United States:
      (A) Any property, real or personal, involved in a transaction or
      attempted transaction in violation of section 1956, 1957, or 1960 of this
      title, or any property traceable to such property.

### Probable Cause

The information set forth below is based upon your affiant's review of records
and upon information provided by other sworn law enforcement officers
participating in this investigaion. I have not included each and every fact
obtained pursuant to this investigation, but have set forth those facts that I
believe are essential to establish the necessary foundation for the issuance  of
the seizure warrant for the specified account.

A company called "Mt. Gox," is the world's largest bitcoin exchange, and it
operates out of Tokyo, Japan. Mt. Gox has a subsidiary company known as "Mutum
Sigillum LLC." According to bank records, Mutum Sigillum LLC holds an account at
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The account is held in the business name Mutum Sigillum
LLC, which is incorporated in the state of Delaware. According to Wells Fargo
Bank records, the account was established on May 20, 2011, with the accoutn
number 7657841313 and with a single authorized signer; Mark Karpeles. According
to open source information, Karpeles is the owner of Mt. Gox. According to the
bank records, Karpeles is also the owner of Mutum Sigillum LLC.

As part of the account opening process, Wells Fargo required Karpeles and Mutum
Sigillum LLC to complete a "Money Services Business (MSB) Accounts,
Identification of an MSB Customer" form. That document was completed on May 20,
2011, and identified Mutum Sigillum LLC as a busines snot engaged in money
services. The application asks several questions; to include, "Do you deal in or
exchange currency for your customer?" and "Does your business accept funds from
customers and send the funds based on customers' instructions (Money
Transmitter)?" Karpeles answered these questions "no," indicating that Mutum
Sigillum LLC does not deal in or exchange money, and that it does not send funds
based on customer instructions.

Money transmitting businesses are required by 31 U.S.C. section 5330 to register
as such with FinCEN. According to FinCEN records on May 6, 2013, neither Mt. Gox
nor the subsidiary, Mutum Sigillum LLC, is registered as a Money Service
Business.

Mt. Gox acts as a digital currency exchange where customers open accounts and
fund their respective accounts with fiat currency, which is then exchanged into
crypto-currency by Mt. Gox; the crypto-currency is known as bitcoin. Fiat
currency simply refers to any money that a government has declared to be legal
tender. The exchange is bidirectional and allows customers to also exchange
bitcoins back into fiat currency, and then withdraw those funds. The exchange of
fiat currency and bitcoins incurs a floating rate fee charged by Mt. Gox and is
determined by the customer's aggregate amount of funds exchanged on a monthly
basis. So, the exchange of a small amount of bitcoin would incur a larger fee
than a larger exchange.

An online payment processor, known as Dwolla, is located in Iowa. People can
purchase bitcoin by depositing funds with Dwolla and then directing that the
funds be used to make the purchase from Mt. Gox, which then maintains the
registry of the ownership of the bitcoin. Bank records show a number of deposits
to the Mutum Sigillum account at Wells Fargo originating from international
wires sent from Sumitomo Mitsui Bank in Japan. The wires indicate that the
transfer is in the name of Mt. Gox Company Ltd. for the benefit of the Mutum
Sigillum LLC account 7657841313.

After the funds are credited to that account, they are frequently disbursed to
Dwolla, an online payment service for e-commerce; bank records show such
transfers to Dwolla since at least in December 2011. Dwolla is located in Des
Moines, Iowa. The funds being sent to Dwolla are those of Mt. Gox customers that
withdraw said funds from Mt. Gox and direct their transfer to Dwolla. A
Confidential Informant (CI-1), who resides and banks in Maryland, provided
information to government agents that has been corroborated. CI-1 stated that he
initiated this process by establishing a new account, while in Maryland, with
both Mt. Gox and Dwolla. After funding his Mt. Gox account with U.S. funds, he
exchanged the currency in his Dwolla account for bitcoins. During the past six
months, CI-1 exchanged the bitcoins back into U.S. dollars, which he directed
Mt. Gox to transfer to Dwolla on his behalf. The funds were then credited to his
Dwolla account.

According to bank records, this transfer was completed through the subsidiary,
Mutum Sigillum LLC. This demonstrates that Mutum Sigillum LLC is engaged in a
money transmitting business but is not registered as requried with FinCEN.
Because the 7657841313 account at Wells Fargo was involved in this money
transmitting activity, the contents of the account were subject to seizure and
forfeiture in accordance with 18 U.S.C. section 981(a)(I)(A).

On May 9, 2013, the Honorable Stephanie A. Gallagher issued a seizure warrant
for the contents of the Mutum Sigillum LLC account at Wells Fargo, based on the
foregoing information. Bank records also show that nearly all of the activity in
that Wells Fargo account consists of wires between that account and Dwolla,
which represent Bitcoin transactions for customers. The other transactions in
this account are not significant in number or amounts.

Dwolla records indicate that the destination for the funds wired from the Wells
Fargo account was **Dwolla account 812-649-1010 registered in the name of Mutum
Sigillum LLC, held in the custody of Veridian Credit Union.** Dwolla records
also indicate that the Wells Fargo account was the sole financial institution
account that was funding the Dwolla account 812-649-1010. Therefore, it is
evident that the Dwolla account was the sole financial institution account that
was funding the Dwolla account 812-649-1010. Therefore, it is evident that the
Dwolla account was used exclusively to move funds between Mt. Gox and Mutum
Sigillum and their customers. Consequently, there is probable cause to believe
that Mt. Gox and Mutum Sigillum are using **Dwolla account 812-649-1010
registered in the name of Mutum Sigillum LLC, held in the custody of Veridian
Credit Union** to conduct transactions as part of an unlicensed money service
business in violation of 18 U.S.C. section 1960, and that the contents of the
account are involved in those transactions and attempted transactions.

Based upon my training and experience, I know that 18 U.S.C. section 981(b)(3)
provides that "a seizure warrant may be issued ... by a judicial officer in any
district in which a forfeiture action against the property may be filed under
Section 1355(b) of title 28, and may be executed in any district in which the
property is found...." According to 28 U.S.C. section 1355(b)(1)(A), a
forfeiture action may be brought in "the district court for the district in
which any of the acts or omissions giving rise to the forfeiture occurred...."
Because the affidavit demopnstrates that transactions through the Dwolla and
Mutum Sigillum accounts were initiated and caused by a customer in the District
of Maryland, the forfeiture action can be brought in the District of Maryland,
and the seizure warrant may be issued in the District of Maryland.

### V. Conclusion

Based on the foregoing, I submit that there is probable cause to believe that
the contents of **Dwolla account 812-649-1010 registered in the name of Mutum
Sigillum LLC, held in the custody of Veridian Credit Union,**  were involved in
transactions and attempted transactions in violation of 18 U.S.C. section 1960,
and that the contents of that account are subject to seizure and forfeiture
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 981(a)(1)(A).

<signature>  
Michael T. McFarland, Special Agent  
Homeland Security Investigations  
Immigration and Customs Enforcement

Subscribed and sworn before me on May 14, 2013.

<signature>  
Susan K. Gauvey  
United States Magistrate Judge
